One of the most exciting AI apps for developers in 2026 is Claude. No, not that Claude, but Claudebot, a free and open- source project that's not just another lame chatbot, but a tool that takes action in the real world 24 hours a day, 7 days per week without smoke breaks. And it does this while remembering everything and will hit you up on Telegram or WhatsApp as it automates your entire life. Over the last few weeks, everybody's been going crazy over it. It's racked up over 65,000 GitHub stars in record time and caused Mac Mini sales to go through the roof, selling out everywhere. In today's video, we'll take a hands-on look at everything it can do. But its popularity has already created some problems. Earlier this week, Anthropic, a company that believes open- source AI is too dangerous for the common man, woke up and chose violence. Claudebot sounded too similar to their beloved Claude, so they threatened to break the developers knees with a lead pipe if they don't change the name. So now Claudebot is officially called Maltbot. Actually, no. Wait a minute. Maltbot. That name sucks. Today, they changed the name once again to its final form, OpenClaw. The same dangerous AI assistant with a new lobster identity. It is January 30th, 2026. And you're watching the code report. OpenClaw was created by Peter Steinberger, the founder of the developer tools company PSDFKit, aka Nutrient. But just look at this dude's unhinged GitHub profile. It's less of a resume and more of a heat map of pure uninterrupted software obsession. What's crazy is that this guy retired and then came back for an encore by giving us Moltbot for free, a tool written in Typescript that wraps Claude and GPT5 to stay alive 24/7. It can manage your calendar, clean up your email, run scripts, find out how much money you're losing in the stock market and deploy broken code with absolute confidence. And best of all, it can do all of this from your own tiny self-hosted VPS, a Raspberry Pi, or even a Mac Mini if you really want to overdo it. There's no reason to pay another random startup $29 per month for the privilege. But to understand its full power, let's put it to work right now. The first step is to install it, which can be done with a single command on any system, although Linux would be the preferred route. Once installed, you'll have access to the clawbot or moltbot command or the open claw command if you live in the present. And the first thing you'll want to do is go through onboarding. It is going to request that you read the security doc about all the risks involved, but I like to live dangerously. So, let's move right on to the next step by hooking up an AI model provider. You can use anything you want here, but I'm going to go ahead and drop in my Anthropic API key. The Anthropic API does cost money, but you could easily use a free open- source model here as well. Now that that's done, the second major component is hooking up some kind of messenger app like Telegram, Sla